Ensure listeners to `Source` objects are disconnected when data changes. (#4032)
beeware/toga: changes/4030.bugfix.md

> Properly disconnect `Source` listeners when data changes in `DetailedList`, `Selection`, `Table` and `Tree` widgets.

Reviewer: The change notes should be written in terms of what has changed from a user's perspective, rather that detailing the change itself.
```suggestion
Data source listeners are now fully disconnected when data changes in `DetailedList`, `Selection`, `Table` and `Tree` widgets.
```
